Add first draft of provider documentation (#1)
fiberplane/docs: docs/providers/provider-protocol.md

---
title: Provider Protocol Explanation
category: 63d7e8bdbf7b4b0e0745e823
slug: provider-protocol
---

# Provider Protocol Flow

This page explains how the interactions between Fiberplane Studio and a provider

> happen to interactively add cells to a notebook. It does _not_ touch at all how
> to write a provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
happen to interactively add cells to a notebook. If you want to know how
to write a provider, please refer to the [tutorial](doc:create-a-provider).
```
